>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
We've got an amazing
program for you today.
Sarah Breskman Cosme with
us, a bestselling author
of a great book about Atlantis
and a master hypnotist.
Sarah, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>SARAH BRESKMAN COSME:
Thanks so much for having me.
>>NOORY: How have you been?
>>COSME: Oh, great, George.
I love being on your show.
>>NOORY: You followed
through with the work
of the great late
Dolores Cannon.
How did you come upon her?
>>COSME: Oh, my gosh.
Just by accident.
I never thought I'd ever
get into this work, ever.
I wanted to be a
psychologist, actually.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>COSME: Yeah.
And then life just
took me down the path
of wanting to get to the very
root cause of a person's issues.
And that's how I eventually
got into hypnosis.
>>NOORY: And past
life regression?
>>COSME: Yeah.
And then I actually was doing
Doctor Brian Weiss's method,
who's so amazing.
I love him.
>>NOORY: He's a great guy.
>>COSME: For many
years, but I just felt
like something was
missing in my life.
So I contacted a psychic and
she said, oh, my gosh, this
is the easiest reading
I've ever done.
You're supposed to do
Dolores Cannon's method,
and you'll be teaching it.
And you'll be talking about her
work and helping her daughter.
She said, her daughter.
And you'll be writing books and
speaking about the information
you find all over the world.
And I thought, oh, my gosh,
this is a terrible reading,
because I didn't even
know who this psychic--
I didn't even know who this
Delores Cannon person was.
>>NOORY: At that time,
you didn't know at all.
>>COSME: Didn't know.
I'd never heard of her.
And then I eventually found
her on my internet one day
and then just listened
to what she had to say.
And I knew right away
that that was the method
that I needed to pursue.
>>NOORY: Her daughter
is carrying on the torch
of Dolores's work right now.
>>COSME: Yeah, she is.
And I assisted her
and taught with her
the method all over the
world before the quarantine.
>>NOORY: Now, Dolores method
is called the QHHT regression.
What is that?
>>COSME: What she developed
after 45 years of research
was a way to actually
regress a person to the very
deepest level of trance,
then access their higher
consciousness.
And in that way, you can find
out anything about a person.
You can find out things like
who they really, really are,
their true purpose.
And you can even heal yourself.
And that's why this
method is so popular,
because you can really get to
the very root cause of an issue.
And the body is a messenger.
So the body sends us messages.
And when you've quieted your
conscious mind a little bit,
you can access this
information, like,
what is the cause
of your problems
just by tuning in
deeply to yourself.
And then once you
get the message,
you can instantly be
released and healed.
>>NOORY: Take us kind of
through the steps of this kind
of past life regression.
How does it work?
>>COSME: So it's so cool.
So first, it starts with
a past life regression.
And then you can find out
really interesting details
that the person has hidden
in their subconscious memory
just by quieting their mind.
So they go through a regression.
Sometimes it's a past
life, sometimes they
remember a different
planet, and sometimes they
remember in between
lives and that's
the beginning of everything.
Then after we go
through the lifetime,
then I access their
higher consciousness.
>>NOORY: Fast-forward.
>>COSME: And then I can ask
anything and find out anything.
I'm so lucky to do this
work because I have changed
so much just by understanding
different things about the way
the universe works.
I mean, before I got
into any of this stuff,
I used to be so afraid of
all these different things,
and I used to be
so stressed out.
>>NOORY: Why were
you afraid of it?
>>COSME: Well, I didn't
really understand
the nature of our reality.
I didn't really understand that
there really isn't anything
to worry about because--
and this is the reason I'm
so passionate about sharing
this information--
I do this work almost every day.
And so I get the
opportunity to speak
to this higher consciousness
that comes through my clients
when they're deep
under hypnosis.
And they say things
that are so profound,
like, we are on the
right trajectory,
everything is working out.
They give me this
information that's
just really life-changing.
>>NOORY: Do they know what
they're saying under hypnosis?
>>COSME: So this
is how it feels.
You know that state when
you wake up in the morning
and you still have
access to your dream--
>>NOORY: The hypnagogic state.
>>COSME: Yeah, you can find out
anything in that state, the very
deep theta state.
So it feels like that state.
And then in this state, with a
guide, with someone helping you,
you can access anything
and find out anything.
And so it definitely feels
as if you are at the moment
while the information
is coming through,
that you're able to hear it
and understand it basically.
But often times,
what happens is when
you wake up out of that state,
it instantly starts to fade.
>>NOORY: Did you ever
meet anybody, Sarah,
who did not have a past life?
>>COSME: Yeah, actually.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>COSME: Some people haven't
had a past life here on Earth.
Some people have
had multiple lives--
>>NOORY: Or do they just not
remember it in a regression?
>>COSME: That's
very interesting.
What I found is that some people
are here on this Earth planet
because they're volunteering
from other star systems.
So they come here
as a volunteer.
Just like what
Dolores uncovered,
they come here as
a volunteer to take
the consciousness and the
personality of their realm
or planet and integrate
it onto this Earth plane.
And all they have to
do is just be here.
And once they've
become aware of this,
it actually helps
them to start really
spreading this vibration because
they're more aware of who they
really are.
That's why they say the
awakened starseed is
like a very powerful receptor
because all they have to do
is really be on this Earth plane
to spread this high frequency.
>>NOORY: I have a friend of
mine, Dr. Bruce Goldberg, who
is a past life
regressionist as well,
and he takes people
into the future.
How do you do that?
>>COSME: Oh, that's so fun.
I mean, people always
ask me about the future.
But the thing is
about the future
that it really depends on each
person's, each individual belief
system, because we actually
create our own reality
through our eyes,
through our pineal gland,
and we render the
external reality
based on our own
internal belief system.
So if you ask somebody
like me or anybody
that does this work, what
the future looks like,
it looks different according
to each person's belief system.
But I can tell you what
the majority of people
have said under hypnosis
about the future.
>>NOORY: And that is what?
>>COSME: So right now there
are many different timelines
according to your
belief system, but most
of the higher
consciousness has said
that we will hit a nexus point.
Now, this isn't a scary
thing or a bad thing.
This is just a
nexus point, which
is going to be a big event
where everyone will be affected
to the point where the timelines
will then start to merge.
So then after this nexus
point, what I have been told
is that there will be three
timelines, the top timeline,
the one that is the
highest timeline.
And this, again, is according
to your belief systems.
And you can't do
this life wrong,
but the highest
timeline is what people
have seen extraterrestrials
come and help us, clean up
our oceans.
We start to speak
telepathically with one another.
We create these beautiful
school systems for our children.
The highest timeline
looks amazing.
The middle timeline
in the future
looks like most humans go
down the path of the Grey
extraterrestrials.
Will they go too far with their
technology and they end up
losing their planet.
Have to jump universes just like
the gray extraterrestrials did,
come back out in.
But you have to understand that
when you end your life, when
your life is over and
you go to the in-between,
you know yourself again as god.
You are source, in a sense.
>>NOORY: You would think so?
>>COSME: You want the feeling
of not knowing that when you
come into a physical reality.
So you pretend to be
different than everybody else.
You pretend to be an individual.
And you pretend to be physical.
even.
All of this is an illusion.
And so some people come
into this Earth plane
to experience what it's like to
be an individual, to experience
what it's like to
forget, and they
have no intention of
working on themselves,
of awakening their
consciousness.
They want to feel what it's
really like to be a human
because they know deep
down that they are source.
Everyone deep down, when
you hypnotize anyone,
bring them to the deepest level
of trance, they remember again.
They're, like, oh, I
am everyone, I see.
>>NOORY: And it works.
>>COSME: So what is
happening right now
is we are on this trajectory
of this mass awakening.
So the timeline that is
the highest timeline, that
is the most probable, it
is in alignment for us
to reach this highest timeline.
So what is happening right now
is that stars are not really
stars.
They're actually portals.
And each human is tethered
to one of these portals.
And there are 13 of
these star portals.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>COSME: And all of us
are tethered to them.
So these star portals go
in a wave-like pattern.
So they go up.
When they go up, you're
having a golden age.
When they go down, it's
more of a negative age.
Our stars, our
originating stars are
headed in an upwards direction.
So we are all in alignment.
So there's nothing that
anybody can do to alter this.
We are in alignment
on this Earth.
>>NOORY: That's a good thing.
>>COSME: That's
reality right now.
>>NOORY: You did a
past life regression
with a client who claims to have
been from the Pleiadian's star
system.
Let's look at this.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- It is pants.
They are tight pants.
I have a belt. And
I have a jacket
that is tight with a star
on the left chest pocket.
- You get a sense as
to what the star means?
- It is a symbol for our
Intergalactic Alliance.
- Oh, could you
tell me about that?
- There are many star systems
involved in the Intergalactic
Alliance and I cannot
speak to any of them.
Our piece of the alliance,
the Pleiadean's star system
represents one of the
points of the star.
I have a face and a body
and hair and everything
that appears to be very humanoid
while I'm here on Earth.
I do not have that I'm a light
being when I am not on Earth.
- I see.
So you don't have that body
when you're not on Earth?
- I only have this
body when I need
to come somewhere where the
third density that requires
a body.
- And how do you
talk through Jasmine?
- Jasmine is a channel.
She's a vessel.
She has allowed me to
come and speak to you
and answer all of
your questions.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: What are some of the
most shocking things you've
heard in the past
life regression?
>>COSME: Gosh, I don't know.
I haven't really been
shocked in a long time,
but that was shocking to me
because that's one of my friends
who has three kids who
didn't really know anything
about extraterrestrials.
I find--
>>NOORY: She sure seemed to.
>>COSME: I know.
Well, that's the thing.
A lot of people, when
they're under hypnosis,
actually can remember
being an extraterrestrial.
So what does that say
about extraterrestrials?
If not only can
extraterrestrials
come through and speak
through my clients like that,
almost like using
them as a radio,
but so many people have memories
of being an extraterrestrial,
then what does that say
about extraterrestrials?
Maybe we are the
extraterrestrials.
And OK, one thing I found really
interesting was so many people
come in for sessions and
they're so afraid of being
contacted by extraterrestrials.
Well, I have to say--
>>NOORY: What are
they afraid of?
>>COSME: Well, they're
afraid because sometimes
their experience wasn't--
>>NOORY: Pleasant.
>>COSME: --pleasant.
Like, it depends on
the different type
of extraterrestrial, because
a lot of times, when you're
being contacted by an
extraterrestrial that's
in a different
frequency, what happens
is the body feels like
it was put in an ice bath
because all the hormones are
pumping out of the person
and they just feel so shocked.
And it's very difficult
for a lot of my clients.
But what I found so fascinating
is that most of the people,
when they're under
hypnosis, are really
tuning in to this
experience, find out
that it's actually
them taking them,
not something other than them.
>>NOORY: We have a caller that
calls our radio show "Coast
to Coast" often, and she
claims to be the reincarnated
Cleopatra.
Why does it seem
that people, when
they talk about
their past lives,
always try to be an important
figure in human existence?
Why can't they just be
some average person?
>>COSME: Well, so
many people can
have memories of one
particular past life event.
So a lot of times,
what happens is
if a person is incarnating for,
say, the first time on the Earth
plane, then they will
choose to imprint themselves
with a lifetime memory.
So they might choose to
imprint this memory of, say,
Cleopatra so there can be
multiple people walking
the planet that actually
could remember her lifetime.
But it's not my
experience that people
remember famous lifetimes.
Most of my clients
under hypnosis
remember just regular people.
>>NOORY: Do you get a lot
of past life discussions
about Atlantis and Lemuria?
>>COSME: When I was
writing my book,
"A Hypnotist's
Journey to Atlantis,"
I thought it was a really weird
coincidence that so many--
>>NOORY: There are no
coincidence, you know that.
>>COSME: So many people were
remembering the same time
period of Atlantis or Lemuria,
and the higher consciousness
told me.
They said that I had decided
before I came into this lifetime
to uncover and share this
information with the world
that the world had been waiting
for thousands and thousands
of years for this information.
But the time hadn't been
right for this information
to be shared.
And so I needed to share this
because people had been waiting
for it and it was so important
and it would change their life.
And I thought, what
is so important that I
needed to share with the world?
So I took one of my
clients deep under hypnosis
and asked, what is the
story that you want
me to share with the world?
And they took me
to the beginning
of an extraterrestrial memory
where beings crash-landed
and started to see the planet.
And what I understood
was that we really
are, really all from the stars.
We're just all here
for this experience.
But really, every single person
that's walking the planet today
is part of this ancient
group of beings.
And we've all traveled
from planet to planet
to evolve our consciousness.
And this is like a
never ending experience.
It folds up on itself.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
You now did some
work on the Sphinx.
Tell me about that.
>>COSME: The Sphinx
is really fascinating
because what I found from my
clients deep under hypnosis
is that within the
Sphinx, there are scrolls.
And if you go to
these sacred sites,
you can actually
activate your DNA.
So if you go to the
Sphinx, say, for instance,
about a foot and a half off the
ground are these light codes.
And what happens is they work
with your own crown chakra.
Now, if you go to
any place in Egypt,
you'll see all these
hieroglyphs and these signs
that look like they're
leading to some clue or a key.
>>NOORY: And then they stop.
>>COSME: No, the key is you.
You are the key that
unlocks these sacred places.
Because when you go to
these places, what happens
is these places are
built on specific energy
lines for a reason.
You go there, these light codes
work with your own crown chakra
and it's you that's the
key that unlocks the code.
And if you look at some of the
hieroglyphs in these places,
they're actually
sacred symbols that
work like a key that unlocks
transmission in your mind.
So a lot of times, all you have
to do is go to these places.
>>NOORY: That's fascinating
work that you do.
Tell us about Aniwaya.
Who is that?
>>COSME: Aniwaya was actually
a personality, a past life
regression that happened through
one of my clients named Les.
So when I brought
Les under hypnosis,
almost it sounded a
little more masculine.
In the beginning, he
even had an accent.
But as we worked
together a little bit,
it starting to even out.
But Aniwaya was Les's past
life as a Native American who
told me his first-hand
perspective of walking
the Trail of Tears.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
We've got some video of him
recounting that situation.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- I see white people
with white hair,
something I've
never seen before.
My skin is like
caramel, deep caramel,
and these people are so pale.
At first.
I wonder if they're OK, because
I see some of their veins.
And they say, resigning--
I'm with Blackfox.
We're here together.
I would say that I have a love
for him but not a romantic love,
but a deep soul brother
connection, though we
are not brothers.
- Wonderful.
- We are here.
for signing a treaty
or at least trying
to get some kind of peace.
They're trying to
take our lands.
It's been an issue.
When I was a kid, I can
see myself about 12 or 13
when they came into my village.
- What was that like?
- They burned everything.
- Tell me about that.
- I ran into the forest
with my dog and my horse,
and my bow on my back
trying to get away.
My mom told me to run,
but I didn't want to.
I wanted to be strong.
I wanted to fight, but she said
that somebody had to make it.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: What an incredible
episode that she went through.
>>COSME: Yeah, I mean, I
really got to know Aniwaya,
and his story was just so
heartbreaking yet profound.
And so that was Aniwaya
speaking through my client Les.
But what Aniwaya said was
that he had been watching me
before coming through my client
because he felt it was really
important to share his story.
And he wanted to
share his story about
his own first-hand perspective
of walking this Trail of Tears.
But what I feel like
Aniwaya shared with me
that really changed
my life was as--
I mean, you could see
it's just heartbreaking--
>>NOORY: I was going to say, you
seem sad when you talk about it.
>>COSME: Yeah, because I really
felt like I got to know him.
And there were times when--
it's hard to hear these stories.
I don't want to cry.
But what changed my life was
that I felt upset at one point.
And I said, Aniwaya, what
happened to the white man?
Why did they do this to
the native Americans?
Because his recounts of walking
the trail was so horrific.
And Aniwaya said something
that changed my life.
He said that most of
them, not all of them,
understood that it wasn't the
white man they were fighting.
Aniwaya told me that they knew
that the White man were some
of the earliest victims of
this negative energy that
had asserted itself
to the planet,
and that the white man's culture
was stolen from them so long
ago that they even forgot
they even had a culture,
and they were just
walking around forgetting
who they really were.
And Aniwaya told me that
the White man's culture used
to live among nature, have
all these magical beliefs,
but it was taken from
them so long ago that they
forgotten all of this.
And so Aniwaya said he
knew it wasn't really them
that they were fighting.
And it helped me really put into
perspective that we are really
all this one consciousness.
Because as you can see, my
client is a Caucasian woman.
She's about 30 years old.
You know that she is
not a Native American.
We're all reincarnations
over and over again.
We come to learn lessons
and we reincarnate
in these different
families and groups.
And it's just really interesting
how we just come together
to try to learn these lessons.
>>NOORY: Do they remember any
of this when you wake them up?
>>COSME: When my client,
Les, first woke up,
she looked a little
bit shocked because she
had had an imaginary
friend named
Aniwaya when she was younger.
>>NOORY: Do you let them
listen to what they said?
>>COSME: Well, I always
send them with a recording,
but my client, Les and I,
decided to work together
to really uncover this story.
So we worked together
maybe 20 times.
>>NOORY: Did she have any
extraterrestrial memories?
>>COSME: No, she didn't
really go deep into that.
>>NOORY: Just earthbound.
>>COSME: But Aniwaya had a lot
of extraterrestrial memories
because the tribes
during that time
or even before were very
connected to the star people.
And Aniwaya called
them the Seven Sisters.
He never used the same type
of terminology that I did,
but they claimed that they came
pretty much from the Pleiadian
star system.
And they knew that these were
their brothers and sisters,
basically.
And they would perform
these ceremonies.
And it was really interesting
because they used their drums
and they used their
mind to tune in
and they would be able to
telepathically communicate
with these star people.
>>NOORY: Do you
think most humans
have extraterrestrial
regressed abilities?
>>COSME: No, I
think all humans do.
>>NOORY: All of us?
We've all been
ETs, at some point?
>>COSME: I do think
so, yes, because we all
have an extraterrestrial
counterpart to ourselves.
Our soul splits itself off
in many different fractals
in order to experience
multiple experiences
and every human has an
extraterrestrial counterpart.
If you think about
time, it doesn't exist
in the rest of the universe.
So everything that
is happening--
everything is happening
in this now moment.
So everything in the past is
actually happening right now.
So if you think
about that, there
are future versions
of yourselves.
>>NOORY: Now, we have a
clip of one of your clients
that you regressed who talks
about a memory of being
on an extraterrestrial craft.
It's an amazing story.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- Would it be possible to
look around on the ship
and describe it to me?
- The smaller vessels
are all curved.
They have a fine dust
powder of crystals,
all spray-- it
seems to be sprayed,
I would describe as sprayed
around the entire inside
of the vessel.
So everything sparkles
just slightly.
And everything is curved, so
the little stool type seats
are curved.
There are indented,
curved things
for the hands, three fingers
and thumb-type thing.
There's a screen, but it's
not a screen like we have.
It just is the wall and
it is on when it's on,
and it's not really
there when it's off.
Everything's lit
up without lights.
It's sort of just glowing.
Everything's kind of ambient.
There's sort of a
resting quarters,
but there's no real
need to sleep per se.
- What's done in the
resting quarters?
- Reflection, maintenance to the
non-physical, non-organic body,
that's pretty much it.
Going through records,
self-reflection.
There's not a whole lot of time
where there isn't work to do.
- Can you go to the
technology and put your hands
in the handprint and tell me
what happens when you do that?
- I'm not allowed to just go
do that, but I know it happens.
- Why not?
- I'm not the one
who is supposed
to be flying this vessel.
- Who flies the vessel?
- The taller Greys.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: What was he
describing, Sarah?
>>COSME: So it was interesting.
He was describing being inside
a Grey extraterrestrial ship.
And it was really
interesting because--
>>NOORY: How did he get there?
>>COSME: Well, so
that's the thing.
When he was under
hypnosis, he realized
there's a parallel
version of himself there.
And in that way, it was
actually able to speak
with what I believe were the
Grey extraterrestrials, so they
could use him as well as other--
>>NOORY: So he
wasn't an abductee.
He was an ET?
>>COSME: Yes.
And so he could
communicate directly
with this parallel
version of himself.
But it was interesting
because their technology
is really fascinating.
They claim that the Greys that
came through multiple clients
claimed that they're actually
responsible for giving us 3D
printing, facial recognition--
>>NOORY: They may be.
>>COSME: --and fiber optics,
and things like that.
>>NOORY: Advanced technology.
>>COSME: And so
they claim that they
have, in a sense, a beneficial
relationship with us.
But he was describing
being on the ship
and how the taller
Greys are the ones that
are in charge of the mission.
And he was in a--
he's an apprentice.
>>NOORY: A hybrid is a cross
between an ET and a human.
He seems like he was more ET in
another life, is that the case?
>>COSME: Right.
So he's actually tuning in to
an extraterrestrial version
of himself.
Yes.
>>NOORY: How does he do that?
>>COSME: Oh, it's easy.
He's just doing it--
>>NOORY: It's easy?
>>COSME: --under hypnosis,
because most of us
also have this.
Most of us can actually
do that under hypnosis.
>>NOORY: Don't hypnotize me,
but go through a technique
of hypnotizing me.
I want to see what you do.
>>COSME: Really?
Can I hypnotize you?
Well, basically--
>>NOORY: Go for it.
>>COSME: Really?
OK.
I mean, we can do hypnosis
right now, if you want.
>>NOORY: Well, you're not going
to put me under, but pretend
that you were.
>>COSME: OK.
>>NOORY: I want to see--
I want to see what you do.
>>COSME: Well, first, I would
just have you relax your body,
because what it feels like--
>>NOORY: I'm closing my eyes.
>>COSME: OK.
Well, just imagine a
wave of deep relaxation
just flow from the
top of your head
all the way down through your
body like a beautiful wave
of deep relaxation.
Just imagine or visualize
a stairway in front of you.
>>NOORY: It is relaxing.
>>COSME: It is.
Can I keep going?
>>NOORY: Yes, please.
>>COSME: And then so
basically, I would just
take you down a set of stairs
or different method just
to help your body relax and then
your mind would start to relax.
And then there's a great sense
of feeling like a huge relief
and feeling so good within
your mind and your body.
>>NOORY: Why do I feel like
I'm losing control of myself?
>>COSME: Well, it's OK if
you lose control of yourself.
You always have
control of yourself
because your higher-self always
has control over your body,
over your mind.
And it's very healthy to go
into that deep, relaxed state.
It's very healthy for
your mind and your body.
And you can find out anything.
If you want to, you can just
sink even deeper, relax.
Just perfectly see.
Just imagine the
stairway in front of you
with each and every step down.
You can just double
this deep relaxation.
>>NOORY: We better
pull out of this
before I go under, for sure.
>>COSME: But that's essentially
what it would feel like.
It just feels like
you can really
just tune into yourself because
there's a whole world out there.
And when the extraterrestrials
speak through my clients,
a lot of times they say that
as our consciousness starts
to raise and we want
to experience more
of this contact, the best
way to prepare for type
of extraterrestrial
contact is actually
by going inwards and
starting to clear
our minds, because this
communication is telepathic.
So it's one way to
really prepare yourself
for being contacted,
because what
happens is a lot of these
beings, when they look at you,
they can see straight into you.
They know everything about you.
And the human being
doesn't really
know how to control
their thoughts.
>>NOORY: They just go
out at random, right?
>>COSME: Right.
So if you start to learn how
to control your thoughts,
it will help with this
type of experience.
But the way that our
trajectory is set up
is the more you take a
deep dive within yourself
and you start looking
into who you really are,
then the universe responds by
becoming interested in you.
So there's actually
an initiation process.
So the universe is a reflection
of our internal world.
And what happens is the more you
become curious of who you really
are, what will happen is this
the initiation process starts
like this--
all of a sudden you'll
think it's really random,
but you'll start to
see repeating numbers.
Maybe you'll start to have
these hits where you can predict
the future a little bit.
You'll just start to see things
that you never really started
to see before.
And that's because you're
beginning this initiation
process of actually really
tuning into this higher
level of frequency.
>>NOORY: What do your
clients say about the future?
They say the same thing?
>>COSME: Yes, they all
say the same thing.
And I've regressed so
many different people
and I've asked so many
different higher selves.
And if I had even
just one tell me
that the future
looked really bleak,
then I would be the
first to report it.
But these are people that
don't know one another.
And they all say
that we're headed
in a really good direction.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>COSME: Yes.
>>NOORY: A really
good direction?
>>COSME: A really good one.
>>NOORY: When?
>>COSME: Well, everything's
going to look really chaotic,
but you have to understand that
this is a realm of duality.
So we have to have
negativity in order to grow.
That's how the human
collective consciousness
grows on this Earth planet.
That's just one of the
laws of coming in here.
Everybody has to abide by
the laws when you come in.
But that's how we
grow and learn.
So if you think about
it, without negativity,
without chaos, there
wouldn't be peace.
So it's just like the
Native American symbols,
the symbol of like
the four corners,
that symbol even symbolize--
that comes from the Pleiades,
according to my clients.
But it symbolizes that we all--
>>NOORY: That star system
seems to come up a lot.
>>COSME: Yes, it
seems like there
are a lot of beings
from there helping,
but we all separated in
order to come back together,
but to come back together
greater this time.
That is what we're doing.
>>NOORY: Is it unusual,
Sarah, for your clients
to remember all this?
>>COSME: Well, usually
they have this sense
in the beginning of remembering
it for a little while
and then it starts to fade.
But if they talk about it,
if they think about it,
they can keep it in their
awareness a little bit more.
>>NOORY: Why now, though?
>>COSME: Because this is what
has been foretold for the ages.
This is the Great Awakening.
Humanity always
goes through cycles.
We always evolve in cycles,
not a straight line.
So it looks chaotic, then
we go up into a golden age.
And that is predicted and
aligned with the stars.
>>NOORY: You've looked at blood
types in relationship to this.
Tell me why that's important.
>>COSME: Well, it's
really interesting
because now, this is
very, very general.
But there seems to be
these general clues
that we leave ourselves to help
us really look into ourselves--
>>NOORY: Such as?
>>COSME: Information.
Like the blood type really
seems to be able to tune
into information from Atlantis.
So what the
higher-self has said is
that if you have
the O blood type
and you want to try
to use it as a clue,
you could maybe go somewhere
close to the Atlantic
Ocean or even Egypt.
People with the O blood type
seem to be able to tune in to--
>>NOORY: I'm O.
>>COSME: Oh, cool.
>>NOORY: O positive.
>>COSME: All right.
So you could tune into
the megalithic structures.
So by going to a
place like Egypt
with that type of blood
type, putting your hands
on some of these
megalithic structures,
it actually does something
where it activates
the DNA within your body.
It's a very general thing.
Now, it might not
fit for everyone.
But like, say, the A and even
AB blood type, a lot of times,
people with that blood type
carry the Norse traditions
within their DNA.
So if they were to go, say, to
Glastonbury and put their hands,
or even just take themselves
and some of these places,
it activates their DNA.
And they could possibly
read some of the information
by going there.
There's this telltale
sign that a lot
of people that are reincarnated
from the fairy realm
have that also have
the A blood type,
and that's that they're
almost always anemic.
And that's because there's
this subconscious memory where
the fairy realm was so against
iron that they programmed
themselves and their
future lives to not
be able to take any iron.
So a lot of the druids even
would go to this special well
and in that area of
Glastonbury and drink out of it
because it was full of iron.
>>NOORY: They drink
out of that well.
>>COSME: So it's
really interesting.
Like the Rh negative
bloodline, a lot
of my clients
under hypnosis have
said that that's considered
the gift of the stars
and actually carries a
personality trait to it where
a lot of people with
this blood type,
like I said, it's very
general, are natural leaders.
Many of the Pharaohs
had Rh negative blood,
and a lot of people remember
that this was symbolizing
the first set of hybrids
that were a success where
they knew that this
hybridization program would
be a success.
But even eye color,
it's so interesting
how we leave ourselves clues.
>>NOORY: I'm brown.
>>COSME: Yes so brown--
>>NOORY: What does that mean?
>>COSME: So in general, brown
eye color, well, first of all,
our irises show the
blueprint of our soul.
If you look at your iris in the
mirrors, all these little rings
and stuff, that
shows the blueprint
of where your soul has been.
Now, brown eyes
generally signify
that you've been reincarnated
on the Earth plane
for a very, very long
time, like, your soul would
be considered an old soul.
>>NOORY: You've used
past life regression
to help heal patients,
too, haven't you?
>>COSME: Well, it's very easy.
>>NOORY: Let's take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- I had a spot on my eye for
19 years, on my right eye.
And it was quite large.
And it interfered
with my vision and it
prevented peripheral vision.
My eye was viewed
as a foreign body
and my body was trying to get
rid of my eye, attacked my eye.
It was very vicious.
Anyway, left with this spot.
And as I'm looking at the
moon, a brief second of thought
comes into my head that
oh, the spot is changing.
It's coming down, it's moving.
Why I didn't think more of
it at the time, I don't know.
However, in the
morning when I got up
and I went outside
into the sunlight,
everything seemed cleaner
and brighter and bigger.
And I thought, what's happening?
And I kept running
around looking.
Everything was bigger,
brighter, cleaner.
What's going on?
All of a sudden I
realized the spot is gone.
It's completely gone.
And I looked into the sun,
I looked into the light,
I looked everywhere,
and it wasn't there.
I had complete
peripheral vision.
I was thrilled to
death because, I mean,
this happened without me wanting
it, knowing it, anything in it.
It was a real
testimony to the power
of the healing and this
workshop and the connections
and the energy.
And the transformation
was incredible.
I love it.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: How do you
feel about her journey?
>>COSME: Well, the thing
about all this healing
is that there's nothing
special about me.
I'm just doing Dolores
Cannon's method and anybody
can do this method.
And anybody can experience.
>>NOORY: So you're not
taking credit for this?
>>COSME: No, because--
>>NOORY: Why not?
>>COSME: Well, because it really
has nothing to do with me.
It's just anyone can do this.
>>NOORY: You're
the regressionist.
>>COSME: But anyone can access
themselves and really heal
themselves.
>>NOORY: So she healed herself.
>>COSME: Essentially, yes.
100%.
>>NOORY: You had
nothing to do with it?
>>COSME: Oh no, well,
I'm the facilitator,
but still, it's not me doing it.
She did nothing other than
Dolores Cannon's method.
I mean, Dolores Cannon was
such a brilliant genius.
>>NOORY: I knew her well.
I knew her well.
I miss her.
How do people get a hold of you?
>>COSME: They can go to my
website theholistichypnotist.com
and they can find me.
>>NOORY: And what's
new for you next?
>>COSME: Well, I'm almost
done my fourth book
and I'm just having so
much fun because I never
know what the higher
consciousness will
share with me next.
It's always so exciting to be
on this leading edge of thought
and I get to hear all
these amazing things.
>>NOORY: It is remarkable.
Sarah, thank you
for what you do.
>>COSME: Thank you
so much, George.
>>NOORY: And thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
What can you say?
Past life regressionist
and these people
come up with all
these amazing stories
of who they used to
be that leads them
into who they are today.
I'm George Noory.
And thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."